# practice-callbacks
* [practice-callbacks](#practice-callbacks)
  * [Project setup](#project-setup)
  * [Practice callbacks instructions](#practice-callbacks-instructions)
    * [1. `numberMucker` function setup.](#1-numbermucker-function-setup)
    * [2. Create a new function to use a callback to generate the random numbers](#2-create-a-new-function-to-use-a-callback-to-generate-the-random-numbers)
    * [3. Create a new function `numberMucker3` to do arbitrary math based on a callback](#3-create-a-new-function-numbermucker3-to-do-arbitrary-math-based-on-a-callback)

## Project setup

1. Clone this repository by typing `git clone git@github.com:ericwooley/practice-callbacks.git` in your terminal.
2. Change into the cloned directory by typing `cd practice-callbacks`
3. In your terminal, type `npm install` to install the dependencies.

## Practice callbacks instructions

### 1. `numberMucker` function setup.

1. In the file numberMucker.js, create a function called numberMucker
2. In the function body, generate 2 random numbers, from 0 to 10, inclusive: Meaning it could be 0, or any number from 1 to 10, including 10.
3. Return the multiple of two numbers.
4. Export the numberMucker function, by adding `export default numberMucker` at the bottom of the file. It should look something like this:
  ```js
  function numberMucker() {
    // Your code here
  }
  export default numberMucker
  ```
5. In your terminal type: `npm run test:numberMucker` to run the tests for the numberMucker function. Move to step two when all tests pass.


### 2. Create a new function to use a callback to generate the random numbers

1. Copy numberMucker.js to numberMucker2.js
2. Create a function called `genNumber` which returns a number between 1 and 1000. Make sure to export that function as well. It should look something like this:
  ```js
  export function genNumber() {
    // Your code here
  }
  ```
3. Copy `numberMucker`, to `numberMucker`
4. Modify numberMucker2 to accept a callback function as it's first parameter, named `callback1`.
5. Use the callback function to generate your two numbers random numbers inside numberMucker (instead of generating two random numbers inline)
6. `numberMucker2` should still return the multiples of those numbers.

### 3. Create a new function `numberMucker3` to do arbitrary math based on a callback

1. Create a function `multipleTwoNumbers` that returns the multiple of two numbers, which it gets as parameters. It should look something like this:
  ```js
  export function multipleTwoNumbers(num1, num2) {
    // Your code here
  }
  ```
2. Add a second argument to `numberMucker`, callback2
3. Modify `numberMucker`, so that it no longer returns numbers which are multiplied by each other, but instead it should return the result of calling `callback2` with the two numbers that are being generated by `callback1`
4. Modify the `numMucker` call, to accept `multipleTwoNumbers` as it's second argument.
